Ye Ci
So you really are Ye Ci
Do you know what “an eye for an eye” means?
Back then, you made me suffer in prison
Now, I’ll pay you back to the last cent
But I’m innocent
And you
You truly deserve to d.i.e
Alright then
Let’s go
Goodbye,
bride
Duan Xiao Jian
Now it’s your turn
Congratulations on your discharge
Where have you been these past few days?
Didn’t even
visit me at the hospital
Mom and I were on a business trip
Just got back today
What’s wrong,
are you mad?
How would I dare
be mad at the great Miss Ye?
Let’s go
Alright
Close your eyes
Go
You can open your eyes now
What is this?
After that wedding day
I realized something
For a woman
how could she bring this up herself?
Qi Luo
Will you marry me?
So you planned all of this
Just to propose to me
Hubby
What did you call me?
Oh
Oops, wrong
Fiancé
Ye Ci
You’re Ye Ci
Correct guess, reward given
Let me give you one more surprise
What are you doing?
What’s this?
Seven years ago
License plate number Jiang A0996
Dash cam footage